README.md, before:

# Delta Chat Provider Info


## Add an Entry
First check wether the file for the provider already exists, if it does skip to the **Edit an Entry** section.

Add [provider name].md to the _providers folder in the following format:
```
---
name: [provider name]
website: [ website of the provider / can also be yaml array when there are multiple ones]
credentials: [emailPass | emailAppPass | Oauth] - can also be an array, if multiple are supported availible
needsPreperation: [boolean, wether a preparation step is needed - for example enabling imap/smtp on provider page]
status:
   works: [boolean]
   date: [YYYY-MM]
---
## Comments
[If there are any]

## Preparations

[if the provider requires additional steps, describe them here, you may also include images or a video tutorial of the process here]

## status history
[if you change the status, copy the previous here that we can allow for a history]
[has a table format? that we can color code the states]
[just a link to github changelog/history of this file?]
```

## Edit an Entry

## Entries

Optional yaml font matter fields:
```
limits:
    maxRecipients: number | "Unlimited"
    messagesPerDay: number | "Unlimited"
    maxFileSize: string | "Unlimited"

registration:
 inviteOnly: boolean
 PhoneAuthRequired: boolean
 PersonalDataRequired: boolean
 price: string

```

## Example
```
---
name: example
website: example.com
credentials: emailPass |  emailAppPass | Oauth
needsPreperation: boolean
status:
 works: boolean
 date: YYYY-MM
---

## Comments
This is an example provider

## Preperations
```

Commit message:

move "needs preparation" to status

README.md, after:

# Delta Chat Provider Info


## Add an Entry
First check wether the file for the provider already exists, if it does skip to the **Edit an Entry** section.

Add [provider name].md to the _providers folder in the following format:
```
---
name: [provider name]
website: [ website of the provider / can also be yaml array when there are multiple ones]
credentials: [emailPass | emailAppPass | Oauth] - can also be an array, if multiple are supported availible
status:
   state: [OK | PREP | BROKEN] - "PREP" stands for Preparation Steps needed
   date: [YYYY-MM]
---
## Comments
[If there are any]

## Preparations

[if the provider requires additional steps, describe them here, you may also include images or a video tutorial of the process here]

## status history
[if you change the status, copy the previous here that we can allow for a history]
[has a table format? that we can color code the states]
[just a link to github changelog/history of this file?]
```

### Status options:

State | Meaning
---|---
OK | works right out of the box, no additional steps needed (exception to this are custom domain email addresses where you might need to specify the smtp and imap server manualy)
PREP | preparation step/s is/are needed - (a few steps are required then it works - for example enabling imap/smtp on provider page)
BROKEN | not working - Does not work. (too unstable to use falls also in this category)

## Edit an Entry

## Entries

Optional yaml font matter fields:
```
limits:
    maxRecipients: number | "Unlimited"
    messagesPerDay: number | "Unlimited"
    maxFileSize: string | "Unlimited"

registration:
 inviteOnly: boolean
 PhoneAuthRequired: boolean
 PersonalDataRequired: boolean
 price: string

```

## Example
```
---
name: example
website: example.com
credentials: emailPass |  emailAppPass | Oauth
status:
 state: OK | PREP | BROKEN
 date: YYYY-MM
---

## Comments
This is an example provider

## Preperations
```
